How does the ordered clause in OpenMP work in 
conjunction with a parallel for loop?

Within an ordered clause inside a parallel for loop,
it is ensured that, while everything outside of it may
be run in parallel, that everything inside the clause
is not only executed sequentially but also in the
exactly in the iteration order given by the loop.

What is the collapse clause in OpenMP good for?

The collapse clause can be used to conveniently and
effectively parallelize nested loops without having
to manually rewrite them into single loop.

Explain how reductions work internally in OpenMP.

The reduction clause specifies the operation and the variable
in which the reduced value has to be written. To perform
the actual reduction, OpenMP creates local variables
for each thread where they can perform the reduction on
their specific set of values. Each local variable is
initialized with the zero element of the given reduction operation
As reduction operations are commutative and associative,
the threads can perform their local reduction first and
the resulting intermediate results can afterwards be reduced
into the end result.

What is the purpose of a barrier in parallel computing?

A barrier is a form of process synchronization. It
represents an execution point at which every thread
has first signal that it reached the barrier and
then has to wait until all other threads signal that
they reached the barrier too. This ensures that the
following instructions are not performed by any thread
until every instruction before the barrier was executed
by each thread.

Explain the differences between the library routines
omp_get_num_threads(), omp_get_num_procs() and
omp_get_max_threads().

omp_get_num_threads() returns the number of threads that
currently execute the parallel region.
omp_get_num_procs() on the other hand returns the number
of processing units that are available to the programm.
omp_get_max_threads() returns the maximum number of threads
that can be active in the parallel region or that could
be active if the call was made in a parallel region.

Clarify how the storage attributes private and
firstprivate differ from each other.

Both storage attributes have the effect that each thread
receives a local copy of the given variable. The difference
is that the variable is uninitialized for each thread when
the attribute 'private' is used, and it is initialized with
the value the variable had before the parallel region was entered
when the attribute 'firstprivate' is used.

Do the coding warmup on slide 18. Write in pseudo
code how the computation of π can be parallelized
with simple threads.

Implementation of pi computation with simple c++
threads can be found in file pi_cpp_only.cpp
